---
layout: page
title: Tutorial
include_in_header: true
---

**Last updated**  
June 1 2021

# Tutorial

<br>

## 1.0 Introduction
Welcome to Argo Expedition.

Argo Expedition (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates Expedition's applications(hereinafter referred to as “Service”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to argoexped.com, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).

<br>

## 2.0 Definitions
**SERVICE** means the Argo Expedition's applications operated by Argo Expedition.

**PERSONAL DATA** means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**USAGE DATA** is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**COOKIES** are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**DATA CONTROLLER** means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**DATA SUBJECT** is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**THE USER** is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
